Summarize the project and what problem it was solving. The project takes in a list of items ,  and prints out how  many there are in the list , as well as being able to search an item, and a histogram of items.
What did you do particularly well? I got the program to work. I was able to get c++ and python to work together.
Where could you enhance your code? How would these improvements make your code more efficient, secure, and so on? Im sure theres alot i can do with this code to enhance it. One thing i would do is have the dictonary work no matter where you are in the code. 
This would make the code more  efficient as the user wouldnt need to press "1" every time.
Which pieces of the code did you find most challenging to write, and how did you overcome this? The part i had the hardest time writeing was getting python and c++ to work together.
What tools or resources are you adding to your support network? With the help of a tutor and mostly my teacher they where able to walk me though the code to get it to run as it should, they also showed me ways to debug as i coded parts of it.
What skills from this project will be particularly transferable to other projects or course work? I think knowing both python and C++ and how they work together will transfer to other classes well. They will also come handy as i learn more in my courses here.
How did you make this program maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Im not sure any of these goes with this program , i just got it to work to a sense, i think there are ways to code it better to be more maintainable, readable, and adaptable.
